README.md, before:

# Self Care Center
## Created by: Meg McBride

Life can have its moments of challenge. When you need a pick-me-up, come visit the Self Care Center. There, you can chose between inspiring mantras or affirmations to bring clarity and light to your day. 

![Screen Shot 2021-05-30 at 11 40 44 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78767067/120114326-eab69e80-c13b-11eb-8a0f-5f660982e34e.png)

Each time you select "Receive Message", you will have a randomized quote returned to you. When one appears that truly speaks to you, you made add it to a list of Favorites by selecting the "Add Your Favorite" button. 
![Screen Shot 2021-05-30 at 11 41 46 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78767067/120114358-13d72f00-c13c-11eb-8c3f-ff97d984edd6.png)

When you've accumulated a list of favorite quotes, select the "View Favorites" button to navigate to your Saved Inspirations!

![Screen Shot 2021-05-30 at 11 42 56 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78767067/120114375-30736700-c13c-11eb-80ed-02a04fa3f8a7.png)

Should a quote no longer serve you with what you're looking for, simply click on the quote, it will change to a light yellow to confirm the selection, and then click on the "Delete Quote" button. *Voila!* At any time, you may also return to the Welcome Page by selecting the "Return" button.
![Screen Shot 2021-05-30 at 11 44 06 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78767067/120114415-5ef14200-c13c-11eb-84e6-f4e58f5bad19.png)

We hope that this page will help to bring inspiration and joy to your day with helpful reminderes. Namaste!

Commit message:

Update the README with more information

README.md, after:

# Self Care Center
## Created by: Meg McBride - Mod 1 Solo Project

## Project Manager: 
Heather Faeber and Kayla Wood

## Technologies Used

* JavaScript
* CSS
* HTML

## Features

Life can have its moments of challenge. When you need a pick-me-up, come visit the Self Care Center. There, you can chose between inspiring mantras or affirmations to bring clarity and light to your day. 

Each time you select "Receive Message", you will have a randomized quote returned to you. When one appears that truly speaks to you, you made add it to a list of Favorites by selecting the "Add Your Favorite" button. 

When you've accumulated a list of favorite quotes, select the "View Favorites" button to navigate to your Saved Inspirations!

Should a quote no longer serve you with what you're looking for, simply click on the quote, it will change to a light yellow to confirm the selection, and then click on the "Delete Quote" button. *Voila!* At any time, you may also return to the Welcome Page by selecting the "Return" button.

We hope that this page will help to bring inspiration and joy to your day with helpful reminderes. Namaste!

## Demonstration

![New-Recording-6_28_2021_-5_12_21-PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78767067/123714991-a6024e00-d834-11eb-8659-613382ca9415.gif)

## Deployed Page

Please visit our site [here](https://meggs625.github.io/self-care-center/)!

## Possible Future Extensions

In the future, you can look forward to a feature that allows you to input your own personal favorite quotes. 

## Project Specs

The full information on this project can be found [here](https://frontend.turing.edu/projects/module-1/self-care-center.html).
